CSR_Guide/csr-guide_vacation_stop.md, before:

## Temporary Vacation Stop

This feature allows you to pause a subscriber's subscription delivery. It functions as a temporary hold of a subscription.

### Navigation

This feature is found under the **stop tab**. To navigate to this tab, perform a [subscription search](www.subsearch.com), and then select the **Stop** tab.

(GIF OF PROCESS)

### Things to Know

When creating a temporary pause, there are some things to be aware of.

- Temporary stops cannot overlap with other stops or transfers.
- Temporary stops must comply with the **vacation cut-off times** table.

A **vacation cut-off times** table example:

`Sun for Mon | 07:00 PM Sun`

translates to:

`For a Monday stop, the cutoff must occur by 7:00 PM Sunday.`

### Create a temporary stop

To create a temporary stop:

1. Select **temporary stop**. The **add new temporary stop** feature appears.
2. Choose a **stop date** and **resume date**. Adhere to the **vacation cut-off times** table.
3. Choose a **reason** from the drop-down menu.
4. Select a **hold option**. `VacPack` stops physical delivery and enables digital access. `Credit` provides the subscriber with an account credit. `Donation`  provides subscribe a donation option.
5. (Optionally, if subscriber chooses `donation`, select a **donation option**.)
6. Confirm the disclaimer text to the subscriber and select **submit**.

See also: [permanent stop](example.com), [vacation transfer](example.com)


<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

Commit message:

update temp stop, add vacation transfer, include perm stop draft

CSR_Guide/csr-guide_vacation_stop.md, after:

## Temporary Vacation Stop

This feature allows you to pause a subscriber's subscription delivery. It functions as a temporary hold of a subscription.

### Navigation

You can find this feature under the **stop tab**. To navigate to this tab, perform a [subscription search](www.subsearch.com), and then select the **Stop** tab.

(GIF OF PROCESS)

### Things to Know

When creating a temporary pause, there are some things to be aware of.

- You can edit or cancel existing temporary stops in the **scheduled stops/starts** grid.
- Temporary stops cannot overlap with other stops or transfers.
- Temporary stops must comply with the **vacation cut-off times** table.

> For example, `Sun for Mon | 07:00 PM Sun` translates to `For a Monday stop, the cutoff must occur by 7:00 PM Sunday`.

### Create a temporary stop

To create a temporary stop:

1. Select **temporary stop**. The **add new temporary stop** feature appears.
2. Choose a **stop date** and **resume date**. Adhere to the **vacation cut-off times** table.
3. Choose a **reason** from the drop-down menu.
4. Select a **hold option**. `VacPack` stops physical delivery and enables digital access. `Credit` provides the subscriber with an account credit. `Donation`  provides subscribe a donation option.
5. (Optionally, if subscriber chooses `donation`, select a **donation option**.)
6. Confirm the disclaimer text to the subscriber and select **submit**.

See also: [permanent stop](example.com), [vacation transfer](example.com)


<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
